---
title: '1. Project Setup and Making a change in the flow'
layout: default
nav_order: 1
parent: 'Exercise 06: Automate Everything'
---

# Task 01 - Project Setup and Making a change in the flow

## Description

In this task, you will setup and make changes to a flow by leveraging the provided ipynb files located within this exercise.

## Key Concepts to Master

*Azure AI Resource*  
   
The Azure AI Resource is the main Azure resource for AI Studio. It provides a working environment for teams to build and manage AI applications. It allows access to multiple Azure AI services in a single setup and includes features for billing, security configuration, and monitoring.  
   
*Azure AI projects*  
   
Azure AI projects are organizational containers that provide tools for AI customization and orchestration. They allow you to organize your work, save state across different tools (such as prompt flow), and collaborate with others. Projects also help you keep track of billing, manage access, and provide data isolation.  
   
*Azure AI Service*  
   
The Azure AI Service offers a unified endpoint and API Keys to access multiple services, such as Azure OpenAI, Content Safety, Speech, and Vision. These services are shared across all projects, providing a centralized and efficient way to access them.  
   
*Storage Account*  
   
The Storage Account stores artifacts for your projects, such as flows and evaluations. To ensure data isolation, storage containers are prefixed using the project GUID, and they are conditionally secured for the project identity.  
   
*Key Vault*  
   
The Key Vault is used to store secrets, such as connection strings for your resource connections. To maintain data isolation, secrets cannot be retrieved across projects via APIs, ensuring the security of your sensitive information.  
   
*Container Registry*  
   
The Container Registry stores Docker images that are created when using the custom runtime for prompt flow. To ensure data isolation, Docker images are prefixed using the project GUID, allowing for easy identification and management.  
   
*Application Insights*  
   
Application Insights is used as a log storage option when you choose to enable application-level logging for your deployed prompt flows. It provides a centralized location to store and analyze logs for monitoring and troubleshooting purposes.  
   
*Log Analytics Workspaces*  
   
Log Analytics Workspaces serve as the backing storage for application insights, handling log ingestion. They provide a scalable and reliable solution for storing and analyzing log data from your AI applications.

*AI Project and AI Resource RBAC*

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-studio/concepts/rbac-ai-studio

## Success Criteria

* Successfully complete project setup
* Successfully update the workflows and gain an output

## Solution

<details markdown="block">
<summary>Expand this section to view the solution</summary>

##### Exercise Steps to automation solution

We split the exercise into two steps; in the first, you will do the necessary setup to run the template, while in the second we will simulate a change in the code of your orchestration flow. Each step can be performed through its respective notebook:

1) [Project setup](Exercise06_01_project_setup.ipynb)

2) [Making a change in the flow](Exercise06_02_project_making_a_change.ipynb)

#### References

- [LLMOps with Prompt Flow and GitHub](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/machine-learning/prompt-flow/how-to-end-to-end-llmops-with-prompt-flow)
- [LLMOps with Prompt Flow template repo](https://github.com/microsoft/llmops-promptflow-template)
- [Basic LLMOps example](https://github.com/Azure/llmops-gha-demo/blob/main/docs/e2e_llmops_with_promptflow.md)

</details>
