---
title: '2. Making and deploying a flow change'
layout: default
nav_order: 2
parent: 'Exercise 06: Automate Everything'
---

# Task 02 - Making and deploying a flow change

## Description

In this exercise, you already have your project configured and will make a change in the flow.

## Success Criteria

* Create a new feature branch.
* Change something in your flow.
* Update feature branch.
* Create a Pull Request from feature branch to development branch.
* Review and approve the PR for the new feature.
* Check CI pipeline execution.
* Check CD pipeline execution.

## References
- [LLMOps with Prompt Flow and GitHub](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/machine-learning/prompt-flow/how-to-end-to-end-llmops-with-prompt-flow)
- [LLMOps with Prompt Flow template repo](https://github.com/microsoft/llmops-promptflow-template)
- [Basic LLMOps example](https://github.com/Azure/llmops-gha-demo/blob/main/docs/e2e_llmops_with_promptflow.md)

## Solution

<details markdown="block">
<summary>Expand this section to view the solution</summary>

##### 1) Create a new feature branch

1. In order to do that, run the following bash script.

<div style="border: 1px solid black; padding: 10px;">
<pre>
%%bash

# Change directory to the cloned repository
cd llmops-project

echo "> Creating a feature branch"
git checkout -b feature-ABCD

echo "> Pushing the development branch to the remote repository"
git push origin feature-ABCD
</pre>
</div>

2. Change something in your flow.

In this step, make a change in the entity_extraction flow, such as renaming one of the nodes.

3. Update feature branch.

In order to do that, run the following bash script.

<div style="border: 1px solid black; padding: 10px;">
<pre>
%%bash
cd llmops-project
git add .
git commit -m "updating config"
git push origin feature-ABCD
</pre>
</div>

4. Create a Pull Request from the feature branch to the development branch.

Go to the project repository on GitHub.com to create the pull request.



</details>

